It was what he wanted to shoot. I now order my son to be deported immediately.
You are a fallen person, talking about serious things,
Don't be angry. No matter who you are.
Today I feel sorry for my son. Make it right now.
From now on, this school is not allowed to appear.
Did you hear me? I'll take a look at it and I'll be happy.
People like you are not allowed to pay for a school with me.
You are such a long time child. Let him use such vicious language to curse people,
How did you become a parent? Do I call myself a bully?
As poor as you are here
What power does it have with a bastard?
I can't be a mobile phone
My daughter has never been an emperor
Your daughter has mixed up with people like this
Not me
That's the one who came here by himself
Lan dares to marry my son
It wasn't you who wanted to sell those people at that time.
Sui Gan has a tough mouth
I had someone send you in when I was little
You can only go down and cut it
How did you find admissions besides yours?
Grandma can be easily recruited, right?
Did you hurt my son today?
Hurt the family of this kind of person
What if I have some Western Army virus in my life?
You stand here and I'm boring you
I'll evacuate immediately
Li Xiaodi starts from tomorrow
Learn Criminology Now